That's not possible.
I'm about to become the general facing the wall
I 300,000 how could military power be beaten back to the common people
It should have been you behind the scenes
So far
You still never thought it was your problem
What can I have that I didn't stab you and deceive you
Why didn't you ever tell me?
You are Lian Nangong Qin
And the big man who has to hold hands with all four generals
You hide it all
But just for the sake of Quan Jingchen
Do my jokes with his wife?
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Why did you hold me high?
You fell hard
come
I have explained everything to you
Did you believe me once?
You only want to believe what you think
You even try to please these powerful people
Do not hesitate to face Ngee An and my sword
It's a pity that the powerful people you please
It's not enough ants in my eyes
Yan has been 7 years old since birth
Have you ever served your country?
Want your mother
I have said bad things about me many times in front of Israel
Instigate him to hate me
Don't listen
Just hit and scold him
Ultimately
Your family has never treated me as a family
Just treat me as a servant who doesn't want money
Not quibbling
You kill your wife and children with parasitic power
You should have imagined such a situation
But I am the champion of the dynasty after all
save trouble
seek advantages and avoid disadvantages
Isn't it supposed to be?
Do you think it's just the kung fu of those two or three cats?
Can you become the champion under 10,000 yuan?
I'll tell you what.
Without me
You even have a lot of skin care in the military camp
What nonsense are you talking about?
Give me your word here
Although I have never seen Muse, he makes people's true colors
But you said you want to like my martial arts
Everybody knows that.
How could it be because of you?